Who are you to remember to hit me?
I am Leili's trade object, and I will discuss other accounts,
Such bullying of my wish,
Shouldn't it be fought?
This is the pine man from Zhangjia in Jiangbei,
You see, if you beat me, you are not afraid that my old lady will be defeated and you will all be destroyed.
Who asked you to do it?
Songjia is very big in Jiangbei City. Do you want to kill me?
Sister, I'm sorry,
There is still a misunderstanding,
You go away and study on January 2,
If I don’t give you an explanation today, none of you want to leave?
Mom, what happened?
One day my mother left,
He wasn't beaten here,
Running boss, husband
And I will definitely give you a cousin
These are all open-legged
See how disrespectful he is
Memories that can be moved
Let me analyze Xiaodong’s words for you
When I open my hands, I open my legs
I only found it
I'll talk to him personally